CLDR-14121 Add UTC alt for gmtFormat (#5593)
unicode-org/cldr: docs/site/translation/time-zones-and-city-names.md

| Name | English Pattern | English_Example | Meaning |  |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| gmtFormat | GMT{0}<br /> *or*<br /> GMT{ HOURS_FROM_UTC } | GMT-2:00 | **Offset Pattern.** Modify this field if the format for time zone offsets uses different letters, such as  HUA+02:00 or UTC+02:00 instead of GMT+02:00 , or if the letters occur after the time. Make sure you include the  {0} ; that is where the actual time value will go! |  |

> | gmtFormat alt="utc" | UTC{0}<br /> *or*<br /> UTC{ HOURS_FROM_UTC } | UTC-2:00 | **UTC Pattern.** Similar to gmtFormat, but this is *required* to use the localized abbreviation for "Coordinated Universal Time". Also set this if gmtFormat already uses the localized abbreviation for "Coordinated Universal Time". Note that this is usually "UTC", which was explicitly chosen as the international designation for "Coordinated Universal Time".  |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| gmtFormat alt="utc" | UTC{0}<br /> *or*<br /> UTC{ HOURS_FROM_UTC } | UTC-2:00 | **UTC Pattern.** Similar to gmtFormat, but this is *required* to use the localized abbreviation for "Coordinated Universal Time". For Latin-script languages, this typically uses the abbreviation "UTC". Set this even if gmtFormat (without the 'alt') already uses the localized abbreviation for "Coordinated Universal Time".  |  |
```
